I forget the researchers name but they
came up with this acronym woop w oo P so
the W is wish this is where most people
live they wish for something they
fantasize about being rich and famous
whatever the O is the outcome and they
never take their wish and make it an
outcome meaning specifically what do you
want you want to be rich and famous as
an actor a comedian like what
entrepreneur like what is it that you
want to do and then paint that picture
really specifically now the reason they
need to do that is there's a fascinating
psychological principle that happens
where the more get ready for this the
more you think about your dream the more
you focus on it the less likely you are
to achieve it
why because you pacify yourself there's
a part of your brain the same part that
makes watching a movie so thrilling
because you forget that it's not real
the more you fantasize about achieving
that goal you actually become pacify and
don't take the actions because you
already have the emotional response of
having it have the second o is obstacle
so what's going to be the hard part so
you've got your wish you know what the
outcome is and now identify what is
going to be hard in there and then the P
is the plan so okay knowing all of those
things exactly how do I execute and then
the way to tell whether this is
something you should be gritty about or
you should quit is when you look through
the wo o P if you feel energized like
well I could really do this then it's
something that you should keep going
you've got the energy the passion the
enthusiasm if when you do that exercise
you come out the other side and realize
Jesus this is so far beyond what I am
capable of what I want to do then that's
you know your subconscious telling you
this is definitely not for you